W 12190419 dwformats docchk v4 duke (#225)
mulesoft/docs-dataweave: modules/ROOT/pages/dataweave-formats-avro.adoc

[cols="1,1,1,3a", options="header"]
|===
|Parameter |Type |Default|Description

> |`schemaUrl` (Required) |`String`|`''`|The URL for the Avro schema. Valid values are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`.

Author: TODO:check with team

Reviewer: `schemaUrl` reader property is optional, not required, and defaults to the schema embedded in the input avro file (DW only supports avro files with the schema embedded)

Author: added this to master bc the description is used by both reader and writer:

"The URL for the Avro schema. Valid schemes are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`. For the reader, this property is optional but defaults to the schema embedded in the input Avro file. The reader requires an embedded schema. For the writer, DataWeave requires a schema value."

> |`schemaUrl` (Required) |`String`|`''`|The URL for the Avro schema. Valid values are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`.

Author: ```suggestion
|`schemaUrl` (Required) |`String`|`''`|The URL for the Avro schema. Valid values are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`. This property is optional and defaults to the schema embedded in the input Avro file.schemaUrl reader property defaults to the schema embedded in the input Avro file. DataWeave requires an embedded schema.
```

Author: TODO: add to source

Author: added to master

Author: added this: "added this to master bc the description is used by both reader and writer:

"The URL for the Avro schema. Valid schemes are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`. For the reader, this property is optional but defaults to the schema embedded in the input Avro file. The reader requires an embedded schema. For the writer, DataWeave requires a schema value.""

[cols="1,1,1,3a", options="header"]
|===
|Parameter |Type |Default|Description
|`bufferSize`  |`Number`|`8192`|Size of the buffer writer. The value must be greater than 8.

|`deferred`  |`Boolean`|`false`|Generates the output as a data stream when set to `true`, and defers the script's execution until the generated content is consumed.

Valid values are `true` or `false`.

> |`schemaUrl` (Required) |`String`|`''`|The URL for the Avro schema. Valid values are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`.

Author: schemaUrl

Reviewer: There's no default value for `schemaUrl` writer property, it need to be defined by the user always. I guess we go with `null` for those cases?

Author: done

> |`schemaUrl` (Required) |`String`|`''`|The URL for the Avro schema. Valid values are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`.

Author: ```suggestion
|`schemaUrl` (Required) |`String`|``|The URL for the Avro schema. Valid URL schemes are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`. There is no default value. You must define the property. 
```

Author: TODO: add to source

> |`schemaUrl` (Required) |`String`|`''`|The URL for the Avro schema. Valid values are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`.

Author: ```suggestion
|`schemaUrl` (Required) |`String`|`''`|The URL for the Avro schema. Valid URL schemes are `classpath://`, `file://`, or `http://`. For the reader, this property is optional but defaults to the schema embedded in the input Avro file. The reader requires an embedded schema. For the writer, DataWeave requires a schema value.
```

Author: the description is used for both reader and writer

Author: added to master
